hey guys is Mikado and I'm checking out
borrow quartier for this week and oh my
god if you guys missed the drama earlier
he actually brought the same items from
two weeks ago and people collectively
lost their minds now if you knew the
warframe all you have to do is head on
over to the relay stations every two
weeks go into the kiosk sell your
decades sell your prime items for
decades and then head on over to borrow
the tear now actually console much to
show you didn't have much to show me an
hour ago
so console actually is pretty good this
week I'm not really that impressed with
PC will go to the items starting from
the bottom item first we have the
prisoner cocktail Sian Donna it's pretty
cool like you can actually see this not
as a nice preview not really sure if
this started in you 17 or not but that's
really nice you can actually see that
purely cosmetic item doesn't do anything
in-game but definitely it's better than
spending a real-life money on cosmetic
items prime slip magazine this is plus
55 percent magazine capacity for your
pistol man I think ice storm is better
now the original slip magazine is plus
30 percent magazine capacity you can get
up to fifty percent with a rank 9 of
this mod and of course up to 55 percent
you fully rank it I wouldn't even
recommend this month so I can't even
recommend you go to write 9 definitely
get your ice storm mod now here this is
OK and PvP unless you're a really
hardcore PvP R I don't know why you use
this but if you're hardcore PPP probably
you can get some use but just keep in
mind that you're gonna get a nice bit of
magazine as well as ice damage with your
ice going BA and we've got prime heavy
trauma this is plus 100 seats 5% impact
damage to your many weapons I can't
really recommend this one either impact
is probably the weaker of impact
puncture slash puncture is definitely a
little bit better especially versus
grenier and that type of thing and slash
is gonna be the absolute in-game damage
tight especially once you start wearing
coaster projections so I'd add one
either I don't know about that price for
the magazine or that primary trauma
definitely get it if you want that but
specifically if you're looking for the
most bang for your buck as far as prime
mods these two are
definitely not it now the weapon we got
this week is the Prisma tetra this comes
out of left field I've know where this
came from so this is a little bit better
if you're not familiar with the tetra
that's the weapon I haven't covered in
forever this is a corpus weapon a rifle
rather it fires projectiles projectiles
have a little bit of travel speed a
little bit of recoil and some spread as
well he might want to look out for those
things it's not perfectly accurate and
you've got of course projectile travel
time now this does a little bit more
damage than the original it's about ten
or so more damage than the original it
has a little bit more fire rate
originally had about six point six this
has about seven it has more crit chance
the original head about 2.5 crit chance
this has ten
this has more crit damage 1.5 up to two
times great damage and I believe this
also has more status chance so I think
the original 10% this has 15% so this is
definitely an upgrade now how much of an
upgrade this is I don't know just keep
in mind we just talked about heavy
trauma not being the best damage type
overall this is purely puncture with a
little bit of impact no slash so this
definitely is not an in-game weapon
especially if you run the dedicated
squad or you run with a clan that's
going to be using corrosive projections
this is not gonna be your best bet for
in-game or anything like that but maybe
for some of your middle game Dornier
that type of thing you may be even if
you're so long but your damage is gonna
be nice not as bad as impact but you
definitely can maybe get that puncture
damage up and that would be okay but
definitely not I don't think this is
done via in-game weapons without even
reviewing it but you guys are still
picking up get some of your mastery
points and maybe use it for some of your
middle game type of gameplay but I don't
think it's an in-game weapon now console
is really interesting we've got the
prism and Daedalus shoulder guards of
course you're gonna have to buy both of
those that's always good once again if
you have to buy cosmetic item so real
money it's not gonna be as good as being
able to spend Duckett's on it and if
you've got the tetanus boom shot down by
shellshock this is your bill stat 60%
status chance 60% electrical damage mine
definitely pick that up you don't want
to be buying that from other players
it's gonna be better to just spin
Duckett's on and get it over with
and what I will say is not a shotguns
have a buck you may get some life out of
this mod just keep in mind that status
chance on shotguns I believe the Tigers
in the head camp about a 25% status
chance and thus grunting rate has about
40 so even though there's 60% status
chance is gonna be pretty nice this rep
is already have a pretty decent status
chance the good thing about this is
since this is electrical damage you're
gonna be able to make corrosive
radiation and magnetic so I would
definitely say shellshock is definitely
a pickup definitely get that and the
weapon for console Prisma scanner and
this couldn't come at a better time
because I believe you guys should have
update 16.9 by now that's gonna get you
the new Excalibur rework and you got to
get a nice bit of life out of the prism
scanner because of the new rework to its
fourth ability and you actually use your
mini weapon and your melee mod so you
definitely can pick this up now this is
better than the original scanner clearly
the original scan as a starter weapon
that's a no-brainer this has a faster
attack speed as the one attack per
second the original scan is like point
eight it has more crit chance 5% up to
20% and of course more create damage the
1.5 is been buffed up to two so this is
definitely a buff but keep in mind you
might want to go ahead and get your
bright purity mod your new look of miles
gonna give you plus 100% base damage as
well as a nice purity effect which is
gonna be an AoE critical effect it's
gonna deal 1000 corrosive damage and
it's gonna proc corrosive reducing enemy
armor every time the meter fills up and
you're gonna get some health back so
life strike plus the purity corrosive
rock with more health you're gonna get a
nice melee weapon and that's gonna be
really good for Excalibur
so definitely on console prism scan I
think is absolutely worth it I think
shellshock is absolutely where you guys
got two really nice items for PC
I think console my hands beat this week
for the first time Prisma tetra I'm not
really sure about that I'll do a review
on that pretty soon but definitely not
prime slip magazine unless you're
hardcore PvP and I'm not gonna recommend
a primary trauma either so I see you
guys next week and hopefully those
Prisma tears I'm gonna dry away now that
we got
and actual group of idols this week I
talk to you guys later peace